The hardest part of the project was the increase in size compared to the other assignments of the semester. Only the Alien Invaders game was larger, but with that we followed a step-by-step guide. This project was entirely created by myself with no guide to follow or blueprint to implant. I was able to manage this issue by coding the project in blocks. I treated each file like its own assignment, creating the functions and process I would need one file at a time. I made sure to test each function individually upon completion. This allowed me to be sure that the functions of every file were executed properly prior to implementation into the main file. Additionally, the work lord seems much smaller when broke into small pieces rather than trying to do a little bit of everything at one time. 

I luckily didn’t have any major bugs in development. Most of the issues I face were caused by spelling errors. For example, an early problem I had was an error when interacting with the “product_id” attribute I was calling it using “product_ID” capitalizing the id and thus creating an error. Another minor error I encountered was with the function to export product and vendor information to an excel spreadsheet. The function would create the spreadsheet and have the headers but any information from the product or vendor class was not present. This was because I was testing the function within the file itself by calling it at the end of the file and running the program. The problem was that the product and vendor classes are initialized within the file manager file, and since the reports file didn’t call that function, the classes containing the information I needed weren’t populated. This was easily fixed by initializing the needed classes. 

I organized my code across multiple files by splitting the purposes of each file and ensuring every function meets that purpose. For example, any time information would need to be displayed to the user the function to do so would be found in the reports file. Anytime products would need to be created or edited, the functions would reside within the inventory manager file. The scripts for saving or recalling information were done by the functions within the file manager file. The classes that needed to be defined are in the models file. Finally, all menu navigation was handled by the main file.  

My save/load system works by first setting the class files to .json files and setting the id/ponumber attribute to the corresponding objects. It also has default data so that the system always has some data to start with. Then the system tries to open the .json files corresponding to each class. It will then convert the data into an object that the other system functions can access. If no .json files exist, the program will create them using the default values. When the data needs saved, it will be written to these .json files to be accessed later. 

If I had another week, I would spend it creating more ways for the user to gather information. Things like tracking discounted items or items on sale, discontinued items tracking, top selling items, and cost-to-profit ratios. 
